  Creed enters wearing an outragous Uncle Sam outfit, clowing with the fans..  At the bell Rocky drops Creed with an uppercut. Creed's playful attitude is gone; this is all business.  Apollo bloodies Rocky's nose.
  As the fight progresses, both boxers maul each other.
Rocky's body punches tire Creed, but Creed's speed
and combinations hurt Rocky badly. Creed is the better boxer, but Rocky has heart. 
   After twelve  rounds Creed has slashed Rocky to ribbons, but at a price. Both his eyes and lips are cut. Rock is loosing.  Creed goes to his corner and is told his jaw might be broken; he refuses to allow a doctor.  Rocky's eyes are swollen shut; his cut man secretly slashes the bloodwelts with a razor blade and drains the wounds. 
  In the thirteenth round, Rocky takes systematic punishment, but can't be dropped. he connects to  Apollo's ribs with an audible crack. In the corner, Creed's trainer pleads to stop the fight, but Apollo refustes. Two great fighters are dueling in the ring.
    The final round.  Apollo knows that he's in the fight of his career. He unleases a punch to the side of Rocky's head that knocks his mouthpiece into the second row.
Rocky snarls and motions Apollo to attack. The scene goes to slow motion as the boxers, thirty seconds on the clock, trade blow for blow.
  At the bell, in the midst of the suddenly crouded ring, the two men stand and look at each other with deep respect.  they embrace. Apollo whispers to Rocky that there won't be a rematch. 
  The announcer tells the  croud there is a split decision, which catches Apollo off guard. The  scores are read, and are very close. Apollo wins it on points, and retains his title.  Mickey, tears of joy streaming down his face, tells Rocky he's a winner.