{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Segoe UI;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10011}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\tx720\cf1\f0\fs25 Just as dinner is being finished, the lights go out. When they realize that it is not a burnt out fuse, Amanda rightly  deduces that Tom did not pay the light bill. She makes him help with the dishes as punishment.  She sends Jim in with candles and wine to keep Laura company. Being an outgoing sort, he talks her into sipping the wine and sitting on the floor in the candlelight.  She asks him if he has kept up with his singing. It is then that he realizes that they went to school together and that he used to call her Blue Roses. She tells of her clumping into classes. He assures her that her slight handicap was not as noticable as she believes. He tells her that she has low self-esteem and she should think more highly of herself. Everyone has some problems. \par
   She tells him that she saw all three of his performances in The Pirates of Penzance, but didn't get his autograph because he was always surrounded by other girls. He signs her program, but assures her that his autograph is not worth much now. Perhaps one day, it will be worth more. Laura asks about his old girlfriend, he speaks disparagingly of her and of how the relationship was all in the girls imagination. He asks her what what she has done since high school. It boils down to her glass collection.\par
   Jim analyzes Laura's situation. He tells her that she has an inferiority complex, that she should think of herself as superior in some way. She inquires in what way. He tells her how he thinks about himself and about his aspirations for the future. She is overcome with absolute wonder. He asks if there isn't one thing she considers of interest more than any other. She tells him of her Glass Menagerie and shows him the oldest, a unicorn. After he puts it down on the table, he crosses to the fire-escape door and since the rain has stopped, opens it to hear the Dance Hall music.\par
   Jim asks her to dance. As they dance, they bump into the table and the unicorn falls and the horn is broken off. He appologizes, but she shrugs it off.\par
   He tells her that she is different and different is good. He tells her that she is pretty and that she ought to be kissed. He does so, but is immediately contrite. He realizes what he has done is wrong and he tells her about his steady girl, Betty. He continues to tell her about Betty, not noticing that Laura is bowed by a mental storm.  When he finishes, she gives him the unicorn as a souvenir. At this point, Amanda enters with fruit punch and  macaroons. She chatters away gayly. Jim makes his excuses, telling of his girlfriend, Betty, then leaves.\par
   Amanda and Laura cannot look at each other. Amanda calls Tom into the room and angerily confronts him. She accuses him of being a selfish dreamer and tells him to leave...to go to the moon. He smashes his glass and stalks to the fire escape.\par
   While Amanda comforts Laura, Tom addresses the audience again.  "I didn't go to the moon, I went much further - for time is the longest distance between two places. Not long after that I was fired for writing a poem on the lid of a shoe box. I left Saint Louis. I descended the steps of this fire escape for the last time and followed, from then on, in my father's footsteps, attempting to find in motion what was lost in space. I traveled around a great deal."  He tells of cities swept about him like dead leaves, but always being pursued by something - Laura.\par
\par
\par

\pard\tx720\par
}
