{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Segoe UI;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10011}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\tx720\cf1\f0\fs25 Tom addresses the audience..."And so the following evening, I brought Jim home for dinner." Tom knew Jim slightly in high school. Jim had been a hero, always in the spotlight, with tremendous Irish good nature and vitality. He had been expected to go places in the world, but six years later, he was doing only slightly better than Tom. Jim was the only one at the warehouse who was on friendly terms with Tom. He knew that Tom worked on his poems when work was slack.  He called Tom - Shakespeare. Laura had often talked of Jim and his fine voice, but if Jim knew Laura in high school, it was not as Tom's sister.\par
   Amanda has transformed the apartment in preparation for the gentleman caller. There is the new light, new curtains, and new sofa pillows.  Laura has been transformed also. She wears a new dress and has a new hairdo, that makes her appear softer and is more becoming. Laura is nervous. Amanda adds padding to Laura's bosom. Laura notes that it seems they are setting a trap. Amanda states that all girls are a trap, a pretty trap, and men expect them to be. \par
   Amanda then transforms herself into a revival of her youthful self, wearing the dress in which she had so many triumphs that long ago season. She had suffered from a mild bout of malaria fever all that season, and she had been crazy for jonquils. It had become a joke, Amanda and her jonquils. Malaria fever, jonquils and then this boy.  That was the season Amanda had met Laura and Tom's father.  Abruptly, her reminiscent mood is shattered. \par
   When Laura asks the name of their caller that evening and finds out it could be the Jim O'Conner she knew in high school, she becomes very flustered and insists she cannot join them at the table. Amanda insists that she will sit at the table and that she will also answer the door when they arrive. Although Laura affirms that she cannot, Amanda eventually forces her to let them in. After a brief introduction, Laura escapes behind the portieres. Jim tries to talk Tom into taking the public speaking course to better himself at the warehouse. Tom tells him that he has other plans; he has joined the Union of Merchant Seamen instead of paying the light bill. He tells him he is like his father. "The bastard son of a bastard! Did you notice how he's grinning in his picture in there? And he's been absent going on sixteen years!" \par
  Amanda makes her entrance, shocking both Jim and Tom. Her vivacity and charm win Jim over. She chatters gayly about this and that, telling Jim that Laura was responsible for the dinner. As they go in to sit down at the table, she calls Laura to join them. Laura enters, but is obviously ill. As a storm breaks outside, Tom helps her to the living room sofa, then returns to the table. Amanda asks him to say grace. As he does so, she steals a glance at Jim. In the living room, Laura clenches her hand to her lips and stifles a shuddering sob.\par
\par
\par

\pard\tx720\par
}
