{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Segoe UI;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10011}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\tx720\cf1\f0\fs25 As Amanda and Laura clear the dinner table, Tom reads the paper in the living room. Amanda asks him to comb his hair, asks him to emulate his Father in this one area...his appearance.  He makes to go outside to smoke. She chastises him for smoking so much. If he quit smoking he could use that money to take an accounting course at college. Unmoved, he states that he would rather smoke...and he steps out on the landing.\par
   Addressing the audience, Tom tells of the Dance Hall across the alley from their apartment. In the heat of the evening, you could hear the music, see the lights, and watch the couples come out for a breath of air and a bit of necking.  This was the compensation for lives that passed without change or adventure. All over the world, adventure and change were imminent, except here.\par
   Amanda joins him on the landing. He tells her he has arranged for Laura to have a gentleman caller to dinner.  When he tells her it is to be tomorrow night, she goes into a frenzy. She must make preparations, polish the silver, launder the table linen. Tom tries to downplay the situation. Through many questions, Amanda determines that this Mr. James Delaney O'Conner has a fairly responsible job, is not too good looking or too homely, and has plans for advancement.  He eventually tells her, however,  that the gentleman has no idea that there is an ulterior motive for the dinner...he doesn't know about Laura. Amanda states that she is sure he will think Laura as lovely a person as they do. Tom warns her that although they don't even notice that she is crippled anymore, someone new might. He tells her that Laura would appear peculiar to others because she is so shy and introverted.\par
   As Tom leaves to go to the movies yet again, Amanda's optimism returns. She calls Laura to leave the dishes and come out and wish on the moon for Happiness and Good Fortune.\par
\par

\pard\tx720\par
}
