{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Segoe UI;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10011}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\tx720\cf1\f0\fs25 Tom returns to the apartment at 5:00 a.m. obviously drunk. Laura has just been looking for him. He tells her he has been at the movies all night. She innocently asks if he had to stay all night. He tells her that there was also a stage show where he saw a magician with a magic scarf which he gives to Laura. He says the best trick of all was the escape from a nailed-up coffin. He observes that it would come in handy for him...to get him out of "this two-by-four situation." It's easy to get into a nailed-up coffin, but who ever got out?  As he says this, his Father's picture is spotlighted then the scene dims out.\par
   At 6:00 a.m. their day begins. Amanda shouting orders, Laura trying to get Tom to make peace, and Tom reluctantly rising. Amanda tells Laura to go to the store for butter and to charge it. Laura goes reluctantly. This gives Tom the opportunity to apologize to Amanda. They make up and she asks him to promise that he will never be a drunkard. He promises. She tells him that Laura was crying over him, that they are both concerned that he will turn out like his Father. She begins the familiar inquisition about where he goes at night. He tells her he goes to the movies for adventure. She insists that most young men find adventure at their work. When he mentions instinct, she tells him that people have gotten away from instinct, that people want superior, intellectual things, that surely his aims are higher than the pigs and monkeys. When he informs her that they are not, she goes back to the subject of Laura.\par
   Amanda is concerned that Laura is just drifting along. That the only time it is okay to drift along is if it is in her own home with her  husband. She again accuses Tom of only thinking of himself, about the letter he got from the Merchant Marines. She tells him to go...but not until there is someone to take his place - a husband for Laura. She badgers him until he agrees, against his will, to try to find someone at work for Laura. Amanda appears to be the ultimate maternal manipulator.  As the scene fades out, Amanda is back on the phone selling magazine subscriptions.\par
\par
\par

\pard\tx720\par
}
