{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Segoe UI;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10011}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\tx720\cf1\f0\fs25 Tom speaks from the fire escape landing: "After the fiasco at Rubicam's Business College, the idea of getting a gentleman caller for Laura began to play a more and more important part in Mother's calculations. It became an obsession. ...the image of the gentleman caller haunted our small apartment. Even when he wasn't mentioned, his presence hung in Mother's preoccupied look and in my sister's frightened, apologetic manner--hung like a sentence passed upon the Wingfields! Mother was a woman of action as well as words. Realizing that extra money would be needed to properly feather the nest and plume the bird, she conducted a vigorous phone campaign, roping in subscribers to a magazine for matrons called, "The Homemaker's Companion"."\par
   Tom and Amanda quarrel. He is frustrated because he has no privacy, not one thing he can call his own. She chastises him for his foul language, for shouting, for bringing Mr. Lawrence's hideous novel into the house, and for doing things he is ashamed of.  He reminds her who pays the rent on this house, that his patience is at an end also, and that he is working in the warehouse because he has to, not because he wants to.\par
   "What right have you got to jeopardize your job? Jeopardize the security of us all? How do you think we'd manage?"\par
   "You think I'm in love with the Continental Shoemakers? I'd rather somebody picked up a crowbar and battered out my brains -- than to go back mornings! How lucky dead people are! For sixty-five dollars a month I give up all that I dream of doing and being ever! If self was all I thought of, I'd be where my Father is...gone.\par
   When Amanda asks where he is going, he says to an opium den. He tells her he has joined a gang, become a hired assassin, a pimp, a gambler.  He calls her an ugly, babbling old witch.\par
   In the process of leaving, he strikes the shelf on which Laura's glass collection is displayed and the glass shatters.  Laura is mentally wounded. Tom is contrite, but can find no words of consolation. Amanda refuses to speak to Tom until he apologizes.\par
\par
\par
\par
}
