# Acknowledgements## ContributorsThanks go to these wonderful people:* Rarisma     * Mylo        Any complex undertaking, such as writing a novel, creating acomplex piece of software, or a marriage, requires cooperation.We would like to express our sincere appreciation and gratitude to those whose generous ideas and time helped make StoryBuilder possible.## SoftwareStoryBuilder uses (or l)## Software InfluencesThe original StoryBuilder was, IMHO, not nearly as slick as this oneis. That's because I know, or think I know, how to organize a program'sstructure somewhat better. You shamelessly shamelessly steal better programs' organizing tricks.Three individuals and their work deserve mention for this reason.Laurent Bugnion, Galasoft, MVVM Light Toolkithttps://github.com/lbugnion/mvvmlight(Now defunct and archived)Perigrin66, Pergrine's View, StaffManagerhttp://peregrinesview.uk/mvvm-bringing-it-all-together/Diederik Krols, XAML Brewer, Using a TreeView Control for Navigation in UWPhttps://xamlbrewer.wordpress.com/2018/06/08/using-a-treeview-control-for-navigation-in-uwp/comment-page-1/#comment-296-Windows Community Toolkit-NrtfTree-Scrivener##Books-GMC##Writing websitesXaml BrewerPeregrinWriter's whatumcallit'writing scenes' stuff#### OriginsStoryBuilder started as a hobby for, my own fiction writing, back in the late 1980's. Eventually it began to attract attention at writer's conferences (I had a very early laptop), and in theearly 90's I had the dubious idea of updating it and selling it commercially. That product is the ancestor of the present version.