# Acknowledgements[this is a work in progress]Any complex undertaking, such as writing a novel, creating acomplex piece of software, or a marriage, requires acknowledgementof thos who made it possible. I would like to express my sincereappreciation and gratitude for those whose generous ideas and timehelped make StoryBuilder possible. Whether they knew it or not. #### OriginsStoryBuilder started as a hobby for, my own fiction writing, back in the late 1980's. Eventually it began to attract attention at writer's conferences (I had a very early laptop), and in theearly 90's I had the dubious idea of updating it and selling it commercially. That StoryBuilder is the ancestor of the present version.One major influence on the early StoryBuilder was a book, The FictionWriter's Silent Partner, by Martin Roth, which, in the author's words,"can suggest thoughts and alternatives to help ignite a spark and getthat pencil, pen or keyboard back in action." StoryBuilder, too,offers suggestions, in the form of drop-down lists, for many elementsof an outline. Thanks, Martin.#### SoftwareThe original StoryBuilder was, IMHO, not nearly as slick as this oneis. That's because I know, or think I know, how to organize a program'sstructure somewhat better. You shamelessly shamelessly steal better programs' organizing tricks.Three individuals and their work deserve mention for this reason.Laurent Bugnion, Galasoft, MVVM Light Toolkithttps://github.com/lbugnion/mvvmlight(Now defunct and archived)Perigrin66, Pergrine's View, StaffManagerhttp://peregrinesview.uk/mvvm-bringing-it-all-together/Diederik Krols, XAML Brewer, Using a TreeView Control for Navigation in UWPhttps://xamlbrewer.wordpress.com/2018/06/08/using-a-treeview-control-for-navigation-in-uwp/comment-page-1/#comment-296-Windows Community Toolkit-NrtfTree-Scrivener##Books-GMC##Writing websitesXaml BrewerPeregrinWriter's whatumcallit'writing scenes' stuff