#Creating or Modifying a StoryBuilder Tool##Populate the tool's data###StoryBuilder's tools generally provide data to aid in story or character definition or the plotting process. Typically this is reference (read only). Although the data can come from any source, such as a web service, much of it will reside in the StoryBuilder project's \Assets\Install\Tools.ini file. ##Create the model###Create an in-memory model of the data in the StoryBuilderLib project's \Models\Tools folder. These are Plain Old CLR Object (POCO) classes. ##Read the data###Provide a mechanism to read the data  and populate the model. Data in Tools.ini is loaded in StoryBuilderLib \DAL\ToolLoader.cs, which is called from LoadTools() in the StoryBuilder project's App.Xaml.cs. ###Each tool will generally have its own data layout, and ToolLoader.cs consists of a series of methods which load an individual tool's data. If you're accessing data from a different source, such as a web service, you'll probably add the service code under the StoryBuilderLib project's \Services folder, but it should still be called from LoadTools(). ##Create the ViewModel###StoryBuilder uses MVVM for tools as well as regular Page views. We use the Windows Community Toolkit's MVVM library, which is installed as a NuGet package. The ViewModel class must contain a using statement for Microsoft.Toolkit.Mvvm.ComponentModel and derive from ObservableRecipient.##Create the View (Dialog)###The views are generally dialogs and their XAML and code-behind are in StoryBuilderLib's \Services\Dialogs folder. The dialog should 