What is StoryBuilder?-------------StoryBuilder is a software tool for fiction writers, whose purpose is to assist increating the outline of a story. Think of a shopping list organized by isle as anoutline of a trip to the grocery store. The outline of your story is similar, but instead of bread and onions, the major parts in your story’s list are 'story elements', such as characters, the conflicts that drive the story, your plot structure (scenes), and settings.  Story elements are the building blocks of stories. They're taught in classes and writer's workshops, distilled in a story summary or synopsis, and they're what readers describe when discuss a story. They're also what you'll ponder, agonize over, and dream and have nightmares about. Each story element is a tangable object; you can describe it, break it down into smaller parts, and analyze it on its own. Is a character lifelike? Does he have agency? Is asetting contribue to the story's theme, or does it detract? Is your list of scenes linked in cause and effect? Does a scene have drama of its own? In Storybuilde4r,these story elements are created from templates- forms which organize and assist in thinking about that particular aspect of your story. Elements are also fungible: they can be readily changed, moved around, or eventhrown out and replaced with something better. Once you understand story elements this way, you can think of them as parts in your story factory designing them and fitting them together, or modifying them to better fit your design. You can even copy characters and settings from one story to another or into shared story worlds. StoryBuilder operates somewhat like File Explorer, but instead of a hierarch of files and folders, StoryBuilder's hierarchy is major story elements, which can be added, deleted,or rearranged. Each major story elements- Problem, Character, Setting, and Plot Point- contain tabs which provide a progression or workflow to develop it. StoryBuilder lets you focus on each story element separately, which simplifies the outlining process.  StoryBuilder also provides thousands of suggestions for dozens of smaller story elements, in the form of pull-down lists of choices, although you're generally not required to stickto them.  They (the suggestions) aren't there to limit your imagination, but to encourage it; to eliminate writer's block. We believe that every story idea can be developed into a complete outline, ready for you to apply your unique voice and style from first draftto submission.StoryBuilder is written in C# and is a Windows desktop application and uses WinUI 3, MVVM, Project Reunion APIs, and .NET5.) It's currently distributed via side-loading but the planis to distribute via Windows Store in the near future.Copyright---------StoryBuilder was initially developed by Terry Cox for Seven Valleys Software andwas CopyRight Sevens Valley SoftwareExcept where otherwise noted, StiryBuilder is released under the MIT license[https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/.] See the LICENSE file located in this directory.How to install---------------[TK  to be added][Limited beta distribution]Maintenance--------------[TK to be added[Self-updating]Using StoryBuilder--------------------[TK to be added][User manual][Samples][Tutorial][Help]Contributing to StoryBuilder------------------------------[TK to be added][Refer to programmer doc]