# User Documentation## About StoryBuilderStoryBuilder is a software tool for fiction writers, whose purpose is to assist increating the outline of a story. Think of a shopping list organized by isle as anoutline of a trip to the grocery store. The outline of your story is similar, but instead of bread and onions, the major parts in your story’s list are 'story elements', such as characters, the conflicts that drive the story, your plot structure (scenes), and settings.  Story elements are the building blocks of stories. They're taught in classes and writer's workshops, distilled in a story summary or synopsis, and they're what readers describe when discuss a story. They're also what you'll ponder, agonize over, and dream and have nightmares about. Each story element is a tangable object; you can describe it, break it down into smaller parts, and analyze it on its own. Is a character lifelike? Does he have agency? Is asetting contribue to the story's theme, or does it detract? Is your list of scenes linked in cause and effect? Does a scene have drama of its own? In Storybuilde4r,these story elements are created from templates- forms which organize and assist in thinking about that particular aspect of your story. Elements are also fungible: they can be readily changed, moved around, or eventhrown out and replaced with something better. Once you understand story elements this way, you can think of them as parts in your story factory, designing them and fitting them together, or modifying them to better fit your design. You can even copy characters and settings from one story to another or into shared story worlds. StoryBuilder operates somewhat like File Explorer, but instead of a hierarch of files and folders, StoryBuilder's hierarchy is major story elements, which can be added, deleted,or rearranged. Each major story elements- Problem, Character, Setting, and Plot Point- contain tabs which provide a progression or workflow to develop it. StoryBuilder lets you focus on each story element separately, which simplifies the outlining process.  StoryBuilder also provides thousands of examples for dozens of smaller story elements, in the form of pull-down lists of choices, although you're generally not required to stickto them. The examples aren't there to limit your imagination, but to encourage it; to eliminate writer's block. Together with StoryBuilder's extensive documentation, theyprovide a short course in fiction writing. We believe that every story idea can be developed into a complete outline, ready for you to apply your unique voice and style from first draftto submission.## Getting Started With StoryBuilderThe best way to learn StoryBuilder is to try it (it's free.) It comes with a number ofcomponts to ease your learning path:### User ManualA comprehensive user manual PDF is distributed with StoryBuilder and can be accessed fromthe File | Open menu. The user manual is maintained in a Scrivener project and requiresScrivener to do so. Scrivener can be found at the [Literature and Latte][3] website.### SamplesStoryBuilder ships with a handful of outlines as StoryBuilder projects for you to study. If you wish to try your hand at changing one, we suggest copying it to awork location using the Save As menu function.### TutorialThe User Manual contains a chapter which walks through the creation of a story outlinefrom beginning to end. Create a new, empty outline in StoryBuilder and flesh it out as the tutorial proceeds. The samples set contains the tutorial (Danger Calls), so youcan compare what you created to what we did.### HelpStoryBuilde's menu contains a Help ('?') button which launches a topic-rich webhelp file. The help data was retained from the old StoryBuilder and is outdated,but hey, better than nothing. It was converted with the aid of a program, [HelpScrible][4], the product of a Just Great Software, a botique softwarecompany, and authored by Jan Goyvaerts. ## ContributingYou may not know C-sharp from B-flat, or XAML from Xanadu, but that doesn't meanthat you can't contribute to this project. Here are several ways you, as a writer,can make a contribution toward improving StoryBuilder:### Report Bugs'Programs are the footprints of bugs' - AnonymousNobody knows a program like the person who uses it the most: not even the guys who wrote it. Everyone who's ever used buggy program- and as Anonymous said, they're all buggy- knows that.If StoryBuilder is of use to you, it's in your interest for it work properly. If you finda bug in your use of the program, please report it by opening an [issue][1].### Suggesting Improvements and FeaturesGot a story outlining itch StoryBuilder can't scratch? Tell us about it, either byopening an [issue][1] or starting a new [discussion][2]. We're always looking to makeStoryBuilder better.Suggestions don't have to about code changes or new features. Corrections and improvementsto the documentation, and to the many drop-down lists of examples, are greatly appreciated.### Provide New SamplesThe samples StoryBuilder provides could use some company. If you're trying to get familiarwith StoryBuilder, why not pick a favorite novel, short story, television episode, movie or stage play and outline it? The samples work best when the story's familiar. Star Wars,anyone? The process of creating an outline from prose is deconstruction, and you can learn a lotby taking a story apart. Hint: If you're having problems, you might take alook at Cliffs Notes.They're the deconstruction champs.[1]:https://github.com/terrycox/StoryBuilder-2/issues[2]:https://github.com/terrycox/StoryBuilder-2/discussions[3]:https://www.literatureandlatte.com/[4]:https://www.helpscribble.com/