{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Segoe UI;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10011}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\tx720\cf1\f0\fs25 Tom, dressed as a merchant sailor, strolls to fire escape, lights cigarette, addresses audience. "I am the opposite of a stage magician. He gives you illusion that has the appearance of truth. I give you truth in the pleasant disguise of illusion. I turn back time to the thirties, when the huge middle class of America was matriculating in a school for the blind. This play is memory. Being memory, it is dimly lighted, sentimental, not realistic. In memory everything happens to music, which explains the fiddle in the wings." He describes the characters, including the gentleman caller who is an emissary from the world of reality and a symbol of the long-delayed but always expected something that we live for. He also describes the fifth character, the father, who doesn't appear in the play other than in the picture. This father left them a long time ago.\par
\par
Amanda calls Tom to come for the meal. After he appears, she hounds him about his eating habits. He objects and leaves the table to smoke. She scolds him about smoking.\par
\par
Laura rises to bring in dessert. Amanda tells her "No sister, no, sister - you be the lady this time and I'll be the darky. Resume your seat, little sister - I want you to stay fresh and pretty - for gentlemen callers." Laura states that she is not expecting any gentlemen callers which leads Amanda into a reminiscence of one Sunday afternoon in Blue Mountain and her 17 callers. Laura offers to clear the table, but again Amanda declines due to the immenent arrival of Laura's gentlemen callers. When Laura again states that none are expected, Amanda is shocked. Laura turns to Tom with a faint, apologetic smile. Her voice catches a little. "Mother's afraid I'm going to be an old maid."\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
