{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Segoe UI;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10011}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\tx720\cf1\f0\fs25 As Amanda enters, Laura pretends to have been working on her chart. Amanda responds, "Deception?  Deception?" She informs Laura that she did not go to the D.A.R. meeting, but to the Rubicam's Business College to speak to Laura's teachers about her progress. There she learns that Laura only attended for a few days and has since been deceiving her. When she asks Laura where she has been going during the time she was supposed to be in class, Laura tells of going to various places: the park, the art museum, the Zoo, and the Jewel Box (a glass house where they raise tropical flowers).\par
\par
Amanda despairs for their future. She thinks of the possibility of marriage and asks Laura if she has ever liked some boy.  Laura tells her of Jim, a high school boy, who was in "The Pirates of Penzance" and on the debating team, and who used to call her "Blue Roses" because he misunderstood what she said when she told him about her attack of pleurosis. He was engaged to Emily, the best dressed girl at Soldan, and must be married now.\par
\par
Amanda notes, "Girls that are not cut out for business careers usually wind up married to some nice man. Sister, that's what you'll do."  Laura objects because, "I'm crippled."  Amanda scolds her for using that word, telling her she only has a slight defect...hardly noticeable.  When people have a slight disadvantage like that, they cultivate other things to make up for it, like charm.  " One thing your Father had plenty of...was charm."\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\tx720\par
}
